###### Key Objectives
- To have an accessible, centralized system to streamline the reporting, tracking and recovery of lost and found items.
###### System Scope
- Reporting of lost items with details such as item description and last seen date and location 
- Reporting of found items with optional image upload
- Search and filter functionality
###### Intended Users
- CCIS students
- CCIS Faculty
###### Constraints
1. Time
	- One (1) semester
2. Budget
	- 1200 PHP
3. Technology
	- Laravel and PostgreSQL stack
	- Cloudflare Tunnel
	- Google Cloud Platform
###### Risks
1. Technical
	- Data loss
2. Operational
	- Provider outage
3. External
	- User error
- - -

# Product Description
##  Product Perspective
This is a new lost-and-found platform for CCIS members.
## Product Features
The lost-and-found platform allows users to report lost items. Users can then comment on additional information, claim the item or send it to CCISLSG for easy retrieval. The LSG will handle further matters such as disputes.
## User Classes and Characteristics
There will be two user classes: user and LSG. The user will report lost/found items and the LSG will handle further matters.
## Operating Environment
The platform is primarily web-based, with SNS integration via API being implemented post-release.
## Design and Implementation Constraints
Constraint 1: The platform will support major file types supported by web browsers (i.e., .jpg, .png, .webp). Other file types (e.g., .heic) will be automatically converted to jpg.
## User Documentation
While the platform is simple and straightforward enough, a help section shall be provided in the menu and if the users clicked "yes" for an introduction guide.
## Assumptions and Dependencies
Assumption: We assume users are familiar with web browser-only navigation.

---
# System Overview
- proposed system
- key functionalities
- user class